feat(vertexai): Migrate to `AI` and add GoogleAI support (#8931)
firebase/firebase-js-sdk: docs-devsite/vertexai.citation.md

|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [endIndex](./vertexai.citation.md#citationendindex) | number |  |
|  [license](./vertexai.citation.md#citationlicense) | string |  |

> |  [publicationDate](./vertexai.citation.md#citationpublicationdate) | Date | This field is not supported in Google AI. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  [publicationDate](./vertexai.citation.md#citationpublicationdate) | Date | This field is not supported for the Gemini Developer API (`googleAI` backend). |
```

Reviewer: Can we do something like this throughout and where applicable?

Author: I did `Gemini Developer API ({@link GoogleAIBackend})`, do you think this is okay?

Reviewer: ya, I _think_ so... it's really about making sure that in "narrative" text, we're using the API's name as much as possible.
